Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now in this lecture we're going to look at how to import an entire module so we can import entire modules
and then access the classes we need using dot notation.
This approach is simple and results and code that it's easy to read because every call that creates
an instance of a class includes the module name.
This approach also has the benefit of avoiding naming conflicts would.
And he would and he heard a name used in the current file.
So here's how we do it.
So I still have a file open from The Last Lecture.
So I just take this one here.
I just delete the second half of this line and I say instead of saying import or something from I say
inport.
Now what we want to do is we want to access the e-reader class and lecture 100 using duck notation lecture
100 Dutch.
Now we do the same here lecture one hundred does.
OK seems simple enough.
Let's see how it runs.
It runs perfect.
So you can see here at the first line we import the entire lecture 100 module.
We don't use the module name followed by the class names.
You can see it here.
Mudgal name is lecture 100.
E-reader.
Module name one hundred Kindle Fire.
I hope that was simple enough to understand.
And as always if you have any questions please do not hesitate let me know.
Thank you and I'll see you in the next lecture.